Security Commit Scanner Documentation (#6862)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/security_commit_scanner.md

# Security Leaks Scanner

Security Leaks Scanner is a tool that scans a repository for potential 
security leaks, thus providing protection against any potential security threats and vulnerabilities. It operates using [Gitleaks](https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks), which ensures a thorough and efficient 
examination of your repository. 

> **NOTE:** Running Security Leaks Scanner is mandatory and must be completed 
> before merging a pull request. It is essential for ensuring security 
> and integrity of a repository.

## How Security Leaks Scanner works

Every PR is examined for security leaks. Only the commits - changes to individual files are 
tested, not the entire repository or whole files. During the pull request testing process, 
Gitleaks is executed, performing leak detection operations. The scanner takes into account 

> commits from the 'main' branch to the last commit on your branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commits from branch `main` to the last commit on your branch.
```

# Security Leaks Scanner

> Welcome to the Security Leaks Scanner, a tool designed to scan repository for potential 

Reviewer: In technical documentation, the style is simple so that the info is easy to understand and follow even for non-native users of English. For more information, you can see the [content guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/tree/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines) here.

is protected against any potential security threats and vulnerabilities. Stay ahead of 
the game with the Security Leaks Scanner, your first line of defense against security breaches.

> **NOTE:** The Security Leaks Scanner is a mandatory evaluation that must be completed 
> prior to merging pull requests. This test is an essential part of ensuring the security 
> and integrity of the repository.

> **Important:** Gitleaks repository https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks

### How Security Leaks Scanner works

Every PR is examined for security leaks. Only the commits - changes to individual files are 
tested, not the entire repository or whole files. During the pull request testing process, 
gitleaks is executed, performing leak detection operations. The scanner takes into account 
commits from the 'main' branch to the last commit on your branch.

### Workflow

This is how the workflow looks like from the developer's perspective:

1. If you want, scan your commits locally, use 'gitleaks detect --log-opts="--all commitA..commitB"' 
Where commit A is SHA of main branch, and commit B is from top of your branch.
2. Submit a Pull Request.
3. Review the results.

### Failure in test

> 1. Identify the origin of the leak. The test result will indicate the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the origin of the leak. The test result indicates the location. 
```

> 1. Identify the origin of the leak. The test result will indicate the location.

Reviewer: Use ordered lists to describe steps when the order of the steps is essential.

> 2. If you believe the leak was intentional and can be justified, add a comment to the 
> line with leak '#gitleaks:allow'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the leak is intentional and can be justified, add the `#gitleaks:allow` comment to the 
line with the leak.
```

> 3. If the leak can be prevented, but has already been committed, use a squash commit or 
> amend and push it to the remote branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the leak can be prevented but has already been committed, squash or amend the commit and push it to the remote branch.
```

> 4. If the leak persists even after removal, it remains in the branch history and the 
> test will block the merge from completing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the leak persists even after a removal attempt, it remains in the branch history and the 
test blocks the merge from completing.
```
